{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Education
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Master of Library Science | 2013 University at Buffalo, the State University of New York\
Honours Bachelor\'92s of Arts and Science with High Distinction | 2009 University of Toronto | Celtic Studies, East Asian Studies, Art History\

\b Certifications\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 New York State Public Librarian Certification, 2013\
\

\b Professional Experience\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The New York Botanical Garden, The LuEsther T. Mertz Library\'a0\'96 New York, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Public Services Librarian | October 2015 \'96 Present
\b0 \
Responsible for supervising all aspects of Public Services in a museum/research library setting while maintaining the highest customer service standards and remaining current with new technology and resources. Position manages all Public Services personnel, including Reference librarian(s), Plant Information specialists, interns, and volunteers. Position oversees the Plant Information office, Interlibrary loan services, and coordinates all Reference and Circulation services. Works closely with staff in other Library departments to ensure coordination, collaboration and optimal use of library resources and collections to proactively seek ways to enhance the library visitor experience.\
\'95 Manages the day-to-day operation of the Public Services department\
\'95 Develops policies and procedures; devises metrics and benchmarks to evaluate progress of library public services efforts\
\'95 Assists library patrons with complex research, reference, and collections inquiries and research strategies\
\'95 Creates and maintains web-based research guides to assist and motivate users while increasing access to resources\
\'95 Engages users through lectures, tours, web-based outreach and press releases to expand and promote services offered\
\'95 Collaborates with other Library staff on special projects related to collection management and web services\
\'95 Participates in conferences and workshops to represent the Garden.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The New York Botanical Garden, The LuEsther T. Mertz Library\'a0\'96 New York, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 User Services Librarian | February 2015 \'96 September 2015
\b0 \
\'95 Assisted library patrons with complex research, reference, and collections inquiries and research strategies\
\'95 Created and maintained web-based research guides to assist and motivate users while increasing access to print and digital resources\
\'95 Evaluate library service points and web presence and assess effectiveness of department services and revise policies and procedures accordingly\
\'95 Provided general and specific library instruction to staff and public users\
\'95 Oversaw circulation, course reserves, loans and renewals, and issue library cards\
\'95 Developed skills and identified potential new methods, products and user groups\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Longwood Gardens Library, Archive & Digital Gallery\'a0\'96 Kennett Square, PA
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Library Science Intern (full-time, paid) |\'a0June 2013 \'96\'a0June 2014
\b0 \

\b Audio Visual Collections Survey Project\'a0(part-time, paid) |\'a0June 2014\'a0\'96 August\'a02014
\b0 \
\'95 Assisted users in horticultural library in regard to reference questions and circulation services. Additional work in collection development, cataloging and collection management.\
\'95 Worked in institutional archives to process and catalog archival collections and present EAD finding aids. Additional work in creating displays, storage of museum objects, and preservation.\
\'95 Organized and ingested digital assets through metadata creation and control and image editing. Additional work includes research, offering tech assistance and instruction to users, and responding to patron requests for digital content\
\'95 Rotated through Plant Records Office to be trained in the management of a living collection. Includes the use of BG-Base, (industry-standard database application designed to manage information on biological collections), BG-Maps, (botanical mapping AutoCAD software), and various botanical nomenclature and taxonomic resources.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The State University of New York at Buffalo Libraries, Interlibrary Loan Department\'a0\'96\'a0Buffalo, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Graduate Assistant (part-time, paid) | January 2012 \'96 February 2013
\b0 \
\'95 Provided external patrons with resources from the University at Buffalo through the use of Illiad, Odyssey Helper, Ariel, BScan, MyMorph, and Adobe Acrobat.\
\'95 Helped to provide patrons with resources from the University at Buffalo through Delivery+, UB\'92s internal 24-hour document delivery program\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The State University of New York at Buffalo Libraries, Preservation Department \'96 Buffalo, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Student Assistant (part-time, paid) | January 2012 \'96 February 2013
\b0 \
\'95 Conducted bench preservation work including sewing pamphlets, making custom wrappers, ordering and replacing missing and damaged pages, glue-binding copied pages as a step towards reformatting materials, etc.\
\'a0\
\'a0\

\b Volunteer Experience\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b0 \cf2 GIS Lab of the New York Botanical Garden \'96 Bronx, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Volunteer | 2017 \'96 present
\b0 \
Assisted with referencing specimen data using Google Maps and geographical reference sources and open source GIS software.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Wikimedia NYC Chapter \'96 NY, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Editor | 2016 \'96 present
\b0 \
Hosts and attends editathons on a variety of topics. Creates and enhances Wikipedia articles and Wikidata items related to botany, biography, and other topics.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The Anderson Gallery, The State University of New York at Buffalo \'96 Buffalo, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Intern | January 2013 \'96 June 2013
\b0 \
Processed and performed preservation on an important historical records group held by the gallery and assisted in creating a workflow for the future digitization of the collection.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 St. Paul\'92s Cathedral Archives Committee \'96 Buffalo, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Archives Committee Member \'a0| November 2012 \'96 June 2013
\b0 \
Reviewed previously accessioned collections to remove duplicate items and rehouse records groups as needed.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Cary Graphic Arts Collection, Rochester Institute of Technology Libraries \'96 Rochester, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Intern | December 2012 \'96 January 2013
\b0 \
Researched and cataloged a collection of Margaret Armstrong bindings, a part of the David Pankow American Trade Bindings Collection, cloth edition bindings from the late 19th and early 20th centuries. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/jackson_carycollection"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/jackson_carycollection}})\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Western New York Book Arts Center \'96 Buffalo, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Volunteer | \'a0August 2012 \'96 December 2012
\b0 \
Created, organized and rehoused an on-site non-circulating collection of art prints, including the development of a metadata standard. Researched and recommended use of software for circulating monograph collection.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The Goetz Classics Library, The State University of New York at Buffalo \'96 Buffalo, NY
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Volunteer | December 2011 \'96 January 2012
\b0 \
Contributed to the cataloging of the existing library in the Classics Department at the University at Buffalo.\
\

\b Book Reviews\
\
Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Trees of North America | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 5 Jul. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/07/from-the-library/the-trees-of-north-america/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/07/from-the-library/the-trees-of-north-america/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: What Have Plants Ever Done for Us? | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 20 Jun. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/06/from-the-library/what-have-plants-ever-done-for-us/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/06/from-the-library/what-have-plants-ever-done-for-us/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Cutting Back in Kyoto | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 20 Jun. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/06/from-the-library/cutting-back-in-kyoto/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/06/from-the-library/cutting-back-in-kyoto/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Sowing Beauty in the Meadow | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 5 Jun. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/06/from-the-library/sowing-beauty-in-the-meadow/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/06/from-the-library/sowing-beauty-in-the-meadow/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: On Medical Cannabis & Modern Histories | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 8 May. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/06/from-the-library/on-medical-cannabis-modern-histories/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/06/from-the-library/on-medical-cannabis-modern-histories/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Books for Practical Gardeners, from Shady Acres to East Asian Cuisine | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 8 May. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/05/from-the-library/books-for-practical-gardeners-from-shady-acres-to-east-asian-cuisine/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/05/from-the-library/books-for-practical-gardeners-from-shady-acres-to-east-asian-cuisine/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Garden as Art - On Paper & Film | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 1 May. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/05/from-the-library/the-garden-as-art-on-paper-film/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/05/from-the-library/the-garden-as-art-on-paper-film/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Handbooks for the Practical Urban Gardener | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 21 Apr. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/04/from-the-library/handbooks-for-the-practical-urban-gardener/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/04/from-the-library/handbooks-for-the-practical-urban-gardener/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: A Solid Take on Landscaping Meets a Perennial Classic | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 24 Feb. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/02/from-the-library/a-solid-take-on-landscaping-meets-a-perennial-classic/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/02/from-the-library/a-solid-take-on-landscaping-meets-a-perennial-classic/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Unseen City | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 13 Feb. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/02/from-the-library/unseen-city/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/02/from-the-library/unseen-city/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Harvest & Rain Gardens | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 6 Feb. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/02/nybg-shop-in-the-garden/harvest-rain-gardens/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/02/nybg-shop-in-the-garden/harvest-rain-gardens/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Nature Fix | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 30 Jan. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/01/from-the-library/the-nature-fix/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/01/from-the-library/the-nature-fix/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: For Fans of Foliage | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 25 Jan. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/01/from-the-library/for-fans-of-foliage/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/01/from-the-library/for-fans-of-foliage/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Gardens of Luciano Giubbilei | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 9 Jan. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/01/nybg-shop-in-the-garden/the-gardens-of-luciano-giubbilei/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2017/01/nybg-shop-in-the-garden/the-gardens-of-luciano-giubbilei/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Edible World, Graphically Demonstrated | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 22 Dec. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2016/12/from-the-library/the-edible-world-graphically-demonstrated/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2016/12/from-the-library/the-edible-world-graphically-demonstrated/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Practical Magic With Plants | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 19 Dec. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2016/12/from-the-library/practical-magic-with-plants/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2016/12/from-the-library/practical-magic-with-plants/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Take a Dry Run at Drought Gardening | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 16 Dec. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2iFhQpA"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2iFhQpA}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: A Wild Feast: Books for the Beginning Forager | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 12 Dec. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2016/12/from-the-library/a-wild-feast-books-for-the-beginning-forager/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/plant-talk/2016/12/from-the-library/a-wild-feast-books-for-the-beginning-forager/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Half-Earth: Our Planet\'92s Fight for Life | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 29 Nov. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2iF7Rkq"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2iF7Rkq}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: A Gardener for All Seasons | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 14 Nov. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2g0tcn0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2g0tcn0}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Reimagining Rock Gardening | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 7 Nov. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2flVgRK"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2flVgRK}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: A Revolution in Bee-Friendly Gardens | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 31 Oct. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2fcFI3p"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2fcFI3p}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Natural Color, Vibrant Plant Dye Projects for Your Home and Wardrobe | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 24 Oct. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2eFmB4c"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2eFmB4c}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Reason for Flowers\'a0| NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 17 Oct. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2ffvZwm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2ffvZwm}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Wicked Plants Coloring Book\'a0| NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web.\'a03\'a0Oct. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2dVBXBS"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2dVBXBS}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Writer's Garden\'a0| NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 26 Sep. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2da4nqA"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2da4nqA}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Cultivating Chaos | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 19 Sep. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2dA37LB"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2dA37LB}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Planting in a Post-Wild World\'a0| NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 29 Aug. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2cQOZwF"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2cQOZwF}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Cabaret of Plants\'a0| NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 29 Aug. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2ctXpvu"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2ctXpvu}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Plant Lover's Guides\'a0| NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 23\'a0Aug. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2cXVvX5"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2cXVvX5}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Art of Gardening\'a0| NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 15\'a0Aug. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2cykqwc"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2cykqwc}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: Shakespeare\'92s Gardens | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 4\'a0Aug. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2bnWWbV"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2bnWWbV}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review:\'a0Gardening on a Shoestring: 100 Fun Upcycled Garden Projects | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 25 Jul. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2aWEVQx"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2aWEVQx}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review:\'a0A Botanist\'92s Vocabulary | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 18\'a0Jul. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2aXCqxC"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2aXCqxC}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The New Wild | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Science\'a0Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 13 Jun. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/298nuSn"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/298nuSn}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review:\'a0The Culinary Herbal: Growing & Preserving 97 Flavorful Herbs | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 2\'a0Jun. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/1tipvzN"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/1tipvzN}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . "Book Review: Gardener\'92s Yoga by Veronica D\'92Orazio | NYBG."\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 5\'a0May. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/293yxpH"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/293yxpH}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . "Book Review: Plants with Style | NYBG."\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 13\'a0Apr. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/1UqasOu"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/1UqasOu}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . "Book Review: The Dictionary of Science for Gardeners | NYBG."\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 16 Mar. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/25XrFCA"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/25XrFCA}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . "Book Review: A Beautiful Way to Introduce Children to Reading & Nature | NYBG."\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 4\'a0Mar. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/28JijY0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/28JijY0}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . "Book Review: Selecting \'91The Indestructibles\'92 | NYBG."\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 22\'a0Feb. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/28QAu9I"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/28QAu9I}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . "Book Review: The Timber Press Guide to Vegetable Gardening | NYBG."\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 11\'a0Feb. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/1TgTSk2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/1TgTSk2}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . "Book Review: The Manual of Interior Plantscaping | NYBG."\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 2\'a0Feb. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/1ot89O9"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/1ot89O9}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Book Review: The Field Guide to Peppers\'a0| NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 26 Jan. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/20FCHtF"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/20FCHtF}})\
\'a0\
\

\b Additional Publications\
Jackson, Esther
\b0 : "Edit-a-thon Update: Expanding Access to Information about Important Women in Plant Science" Science Talk. The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 6 June. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/science-talk/2017/06/edit-a-thon-update-expanding-access-to-information-about-important-women-in-plant-science/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/science-talk/2017/06/edit-a-thon-update-expanding-access-to-information-about-important-women-in-plant-science/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther &\'a0Sebastian Karcher.
\b0  "JSTOR and QDR Partner in Organizing Data Rescue Event"\'a0
\i Qualitative\'a0Data Repository Blog
\i0 . Syracuse University. Web. 30 Mar. 2017 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://qdr.syr.edu/qdr-blog/jstor-and-qdr-partner-organizing-data-rescue-event"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://qdr.syr.edu/qdr-blog/jstor-and-qdr-partner-organizing-data-rescue-event}})\

\b (As interview subject) Erhart, Ed
\b0 . "\'93Filling in the gaps\'94: Plants and people meet on Wikipedia" Wikimedia Blog. Wikimedia Foundation. Web. 30 May 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blog.wikimedia.org/2017/05/30/plants-people-wikipedia/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://blog.wikimedia.org/2017/05/30/plants-people-wikipedia/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93A Catchy Phrase, But is It True? | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Science\'a0Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 10 Feb. 2017. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/science-talk/2017/02/a-catchy-phrase-but-is-it-true/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/science-talk/2017/02/a-catchy-phrase-but-is-it-true/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Wikipedia Edit-A-Thon 2017 | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Science\'a0Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 28 Dec. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/science-talk/2016/12/wikipedia-edit-a-thon-2017/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/science-talk/2016/12/wikipedia-edit-a-thon-2017/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Top 10: The Best Popular-Science Books of 2016 | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Science\'a0Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 22 Dec. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/science-talk/2016/12/top-10-the-best-popular-science-books-of-2016/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://blogs.nybg.org/science-talk/2016/12/top-10-the-best-popular-science-books-of-2016/}})\

\b Jackson, Esther 
\b0 : "Plant Information Services in Context: The New York Botanical Garden Plant Information Survey"\'a0
\i The Council on Botanical and Horticultural Libraries Newsletter
\i0 . Number 143. November. 2016 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2fKcOI2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2fKcOI2}})\

\b D'Acunto, Samantha
\b0 \'a0&
\b \'a0Esther Jackson
\b0 : "Members\'92 News East: Wikipedia Edit-A-Thon"\'a0
\i The Council on Botanical and Horticultural Libraries Newsletter
\i0 . Number 142. September. 2016 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2detSHW"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2detSHW}})\

\b D'Acunto, Samantha & Esther Jackson
\b0 . \'93Botanists Boosted: NYBG\'92s Successful Wikipedia Edit-A-Thon | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Science\'a0Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 12 Aug. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2bnWafb"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/2bnWafb}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Help Us Boost Botanists on Wikipedia! | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Science Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 16\'a0May. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.nybg.org/science-talk/2016/05/help-us-boost-botanists-on-wikipedia/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/22QPsSQ}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0  and\'a0
\b Samantha D'Acunto
\b0 : "Members\'92 News East: Color Our Collections"\'a0
\i The Council on Botanical and Horticultural Libraries Newsletter
\i0 . Number 141. May. 2016 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/298NV8C"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/298NV8C}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Color Our Collections in the Mertz Library! | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Plant Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 29 Jan. 2016. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/1nLA5g6"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/1nLA5g6}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . \'93Early Detection, Rapid Response: Applying the Resources of The New York Botanical Garden to an Emerging Invasive Species | NYBG.\'94\'a0
\i Science Talk
\i0 . The New York Botanical Garden. Web. 30 Dec. 2015. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/1miD8f1"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/1miD8f1}})\
Artists\'92 Books Thesaurus \'96 Art Libraries Society of North America (
\i pending online publication
\i0 ) | Contributor and Editor, 2012 \'96 present ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/1QZq8ax"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bit.ly/1QZq8ax}})\
The Informed:\'a0A publication of the University at Buffalo\'92s Department of Library and Information Studies | Contributor and Board Member, 2014 \'96 present ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gse.buffalo.edu/lis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://gse.buffalo.edu/lis}})\

\b Jackson, Esther
\b0 . What I\'92m Learning in Grad School. Retrieved January 1, 2014, from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://socialscience.sla.org/category/grad-student-series/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://socialscience.sla.org/category/grad-student-series/}}.\
\

\b Presentations\

\b0 Council on Botanical and Horticultural Libraries Annual Meeting - Member Presenter on the topic of Plants and People Wikipedia Initiative (with Elizabeth Fite) | June 2017\
METRO Science and Medical Librarians SIG Meeting - Research Forum - Speaker on the topic of Plants and People Wikipedia Initiative (with Samantha D'Acunto and Lane Rasberry) | April 2017\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/NYBG_January2017"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Plants and People: Women in Science}} (Wikipedia Edit-A-Thon) \'96 Organizer and Training Facilitator (at the LuEsther T. Mertz Library of the New York Botanical Garden) | January 2017\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/Wikipedia_Day_2017#Panel_sessions"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Wikipedia Day 2017}} \'96 Science Panelist, Wikimedia NYC Chapter | January 2017\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Meetup/NYC/NYBG_June2016"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 New York State Botanists}} (Wikipedia Edit-A-Thon) \'96 Organizer (at the LuEsther T. Mertz Library of the New York Botanical Garden) | June 2016\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Plant Information and the Public: A Survey of Botanical Gardens, Extension Services, and Related Organizations
\i0 \'a0(at\'a0the Metropolitan New York Library Council Science\'a0and Medical Librarians SIG) \'96 Presenter | April 2016\
Various bibliographic instruction sessions (at The LuEsther T. Mertz Library of the New York Botanical Garden)\'a0\'96\'a0Instructor | February 2015 \'96 present\

\i Bookbinding 101
\i0 \'a0(at Longwood Gardens) \'96\'a0Instructor | April 2014\

\i Preservation 101
\i0 \'a0(with the\'a0University at Buffalo, the State University of New York, Department of Library and Information Studies, Graduate Student Association)\'a0\'96\'a0Instructor | March 2013\

\i Librarians LOUD
\i0 \'a0(with the\'a0University at Buffalo, the State University of New York, Department of Library and Information Studies, Graduate Student Association) \'96\'a0Program Coordinator & Speaker | November 2012\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Professional Memberships and Affiliations\
\

\b0 Association of College and Research Libraries, NY (ACRL/NY) \'96 2015-Present\
The Council on Botanical and Horticultural Libraries (CBHL) \'96 2015-Present\
European Botanical and Horticultural Libraries Group (EBHL) \'96 2016-Present\
\

\b professional development\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Web Development (Coding, Programming, Scripting)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Workshops\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf2 6/19/2017 
\i Introduction to Ruby on Rails\'a0
\i0 Girl Develop It\
4/26/2017
\i  Introduction to Pandas
\i0  (Python) Girl Develop It\
4/9/2017\'a0
\i Introduction to Programming with Ruby\'a0
\i0 Girl Develop It\
2/3/2017-2/4/2017\'a0
\i Learn Basic Computing Skills to Be More Effective in the Lab\'a0
\i0 (Python and Git workshop) New York Academy of Science\
1/30/2017\'a0
\i Intro to Web Accessibiity
\i0  Girl Develop It\
12/8/2016{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.meetup.com/girldevelopit/events/235312779/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'a0
\i Intro to Algorithms}}\'a0Girl Develop It through Meetup.com\
11/29/2016\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.meetup.com/NYC-PyLadies/events/235468915/"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Pyladies + DjangoNYC Presents: Git Workshop}}
\i \'a0
\i0 NYC\'a0Pyladies and DjangoNYC through Meetup.com\
11/15/2016 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.meetup.com/girldevelopit/events/235104419/"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Flexbox Workshop}}
\i \'a0
\i0 Girl Develop It through Meetup.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf2 Courses\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.codecademy.com/learn/web"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Learn HTML & CSS}}
\b0\fs24  \'96 Codecademy (2016)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-html-css"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Learn HTML & CSS: Part I}} \'96 Codecademy (2016)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.lynda.com/Programming-Foundations-tutorials/Foundations-Programming-Fundamentals/83603-2.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Foundations of Programming: Fundamentals}} \'a0\'96 Lynda.com (2016)\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 The New York Botanical Garden\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Botany Certificate Classes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf2 Plant Collection and Preservation Workshop: BOT338 (2015)\
Plant Structure: BOT315 (2015)\
Plant Diversity: BOT317 (2016)\
Mosses: BOT327 (2016)\
Botanical Latin: GAR360 (2016)\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 Longwood Gardens\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Continuing Education Courses\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf2 Edible Plants (2013)\
Conifers (2013)\
Plant Science: Soils (2014)\
Small Flowering Trees (2014)\
Clematis (2014)\
\

\b Professional and Academic Honors\
\

\b0 Founders Fund Award, 2016 | Council on Botanical and Horticultural Libraries\
Student Merit Scholarship, 2012 | Upstate New York Chapter of the SLA\
Student Shadow, 2012 | Upstate New York Chapter of the SLA\
Student to Staff Scholarship, 2012 | American Libraries Association\
E. Alberta Riggs Memorial Scholarship, 2012-2013 | UB LIS Department\
\'a0\
\

\b Professional Service\
\
iDigBio
\b0 \
Education & Outreach Working Group | March 2016 \'96 present\
\'a0\

\b The Council on Botanical and Horticultural Libraries
\b0 \
Member\'a0| 2015\'a0\'96 present\
Secretary | May 2016\'a0\'96 present\
\'a0\

\b Department of Library and Information Studies Advisory Board, The State University of New York at Buffalo
\b0 \
Student Board Member | September 2012 \'96\'a0May 2013\
Board Member | May 2013 \'96 2017\
Secretary | 2016 \'96 2017\
\'a0\

\b Beta Delta, University at Buffalo Chapter of Beta Phi Mu
\b0 \
Director (webmaster) | September 2014\'a0\'96 2016\
Web Developer (non-board) | 2016 \'96 present\
\'a0\

\b Special Libraries Association
\b0 \
University at Buffalo Student Chapter \'96 President\'a0| January 2012 \'96 December 2012\
Social Science Division \'96 Blogger\'a0| November 2012 \'96 December 2013\
Leadership and Management Division \'96 Webmaster\'a0| February 2013 \'96\'a0January 2016\
SLA-NY \'96 Blogger | April 2015 \'96 December 2015\
}